Where do we begin?
A year ago, these cops and lawyers wouldn't dare cross any of you.
What happened?
So what are you proposing?
It's simple.
Kill the Batman.
Here's my card.
Bruce, this is Harvey Dent.
Right, it'll still be everything about you.
Well, certainly, I'm not.
You're all still me.
We're with beat together.
Did you mean it?
Bruce, don't make me your only hope for normal life.
You're offered, right?
That's right, sir.
And he said, God, it gets boyfriends, I should be aware of it.
Oh, you right.
Don't lie down.
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.
We're tonight's entertainment.
Well, hello, beautiful.
You look nervous.
I've seen now what have to become to stop men like him.
The night is dark as just before the dawn.
And I promise you.
The dawn is coming.
And here we go.
This city deserves a better class of criminal.
I'm going to give it to her.
No.
You'll see.
I'll show you.
Do you either die of your own?
Or you live long enough to see yourself become the villain?
Will you be wanting to backpunch her?
The middle of the day, Alfred.
I'm very subtle.
The Lamborghini did.
Much more subtle.